Port S to Operator2 (#9818)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>Internal changes ⚙️</h3>

> * Operators are now ported to the new, experimental `~.Operator2` base class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The following legacy operators are now ported to the new `~.Operator2` base class.
```
